# VBA Challenge: Stock Analysis and Visualization

## Introduction
 In this assignment, you will utilize Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) to analyze and visualize stock data. The main objective is to create a script that loops through stock data for one year and provides valuable insights such as yearly changes, percentage changes, and total stock volume. Additionally, the script will identify the stocks with the greatest percentage increase, decrease, and total volume.
 
## Instructions
Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following information:

-The ticker symbol

-Yearly change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

-The percentage change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.

-The total stock volume of the stock.

-Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume". The solution should match the following image:

-Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to enable it to run on every worksheet (that is, every year) at once.

## NOTE
Make sure to use conditional formatting that will highlight positive change in green and negative change in red.

## Other Considerations
Use the sheet alphabetical_testing.xlsx while developing your code. This dataset is smaller and will allow you to test faster. Your code should run on this file in under 3 to 5 minutes.

Make sure that the script acts the same on every sheet. The joy of VBA is that it takes the tediousness out of repetitive tasks with the click of a button.

## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
